Hi are going back.
This last video of the section which is going to be reviewing what we've learned and then we're going
to be ready to move onto the next section where we can explore a bit more about postscripts and psycho
OPG to this section taught us a lot about psycho OPG to how to interact with postscripts from within
Python.
And it also taught us a lot about Python itself and things we can do such as the with statement and
how we can program our classes to interact with him.
We've learned more about for example puppets we've learned about private variables we've learned about
passing keyword arguments we've learned about exceptions and how we can roll back a connection.
What connection pooling is why we need to commit connections.
We've learned quite a lot of stuff I'm quite proud of that I was able to transmit back to you and hopefully
you were able to learn all that as well but sometimes it's not as easy.
And I understand that.
So if you do have any questions do go ahead and ask in the course Q&A in the course forums because that
is the best way to learn if you have any questions ask them.
I would reply straight away or as soon as possible.
So to review a table is a list that cannot be changed in the number of elements.
And in order to define a table we need to put them inside brackets.
And if you only have one element then you need a comma at the end.
If you have multiple elements then you can just put them inside brackets and that's fine.
We've learned a bit about interacting with posh grace from within Python.
We need a Carcer to be able to execute sequel and the cursor updates itself with the resultset of a
select statement or it can be used to insert data as well.
We've also looked at how we should put the parameters to a query in a table as the second argument to
the Execute method.
So this Execute method here has two arguments.
One is the query and then followed by a comma is the second argument which is the parameters that should
be in the query we've learned about opening connections to the database we've learned about connection
pooling and why it is important because connections are not free and it takes time to open them.
So we don't want to be destroying the connections and recreating them every time a connection pool is
faster or more efficient even though it does take space in the memory because you have to store those
ten connections.
We've learned about returning the connections back to the connection pool to make sure that it does
not empty.
Now we've learned about the enter and exit methods to implement the with clause.
Amongst other things as well.
So this was quite an interesting session and section I made a deliberately short I did not want to make
a long app where I introduced all this contempt where we built something more grand because I didn't
want to confuse you too much.
So I thought that this section can introduce psycho OPG to and interactions with sequel and with post-arrest
and then in the next section we can start building more interesting stuff.
So this was more about learning as much as possible in the shortest period of time.
And now we are going to move on to creating a nice app that uses all this stuff.
So we're going to be using Twitter integration for example to be able to log in and retrieve Twitter
data and analyze it.
So we're going to be quite an interesting app.
So I hope you'll enjoy that and I'll be seeing you in the next section.